Extend PodResources API for Dynamic Resource Allocation (#39978)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `KubeletInUserNamespace` | `false` | Alpha | 1.22 | |
| `KubeletPodResources` | `false` | Alpha | 1.13 | 1.14 |
| `KubeletPodResources` | `true` | Beta | 1.15 | |
| `KubeletPodResourcesGet` | `false` | Alpha | 1.27 | |
| `KubeletPodResourcesGetAllocatable` | `false` | Alpha | 1.21 | 1.22 |
| `KubeletPodResourcesGetAllocatable` | `true` | Beta | 1.23 | |

> | `KubeletPodResourcesDynamicResources` | `false` | Alpha | 1.27 | |

Reviewer: Please add some short descriptions at the end of this page as we did for all other gates.

- `KubeletPodResources`: Enable the kubelet's pod resources gRPC endpoint. See
  [Support Device Monitoring](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-node/606-compute-device-assignment/README.md)
  for more details.

> - `KubeletPodResourcesGet`: Enable the kubelet's pod resources gRPC endpoint
>   `Get` functionality. This API augments the [resource allocation reporting](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/#monitoring-device-plugin-resources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KubeletPodResourcesGet`: Enable the `Get` gRPC endpoint on kubelet's for Pod resources.
  This API augments the [resource allocation reporting](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/#monitoring-device-plugin-resources).
```
